IDK and JDK Project
Project Overview
The IDK and JDK Project is a basic Java application built to demonstrate the use of Java Development Kit (JDK) in an IDE environment. This project is created as a starting point for Java development, serving as an introductory example of setting up a Java environment, writing a simple program, and deploying it to GitHub.

Key Components
Java Development Kit (JDK): The project is developed using the Java Development Kit, which provides the necessary tools to compile and run Java programs.
Integrated Development Environment (IDE): This project uses an IDE (e.g., IntelliJ IDEA) for easier management of Java files, compilation, and execution.
Git and GitHub: The project is version-controlled with Git and hosted on GitHub for collaboration and remote access.
Project Structure
The project consists of a single class called Main.java, which includes a main method. This method outputs a simple message to the console, demonstrating the basic structure of a Java application.

Code Example
java
Copy code
package com.example.idkjdk;

public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("Hello from IDK and JDK project!");
    }
}
Getting Started
Prerequisites
JDK: Install JDK (version 17 or later is recommended) to compile and run the project.
IDE: Use an IDE like IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse, or Visual Studio Code to open, edit, and run the project.
Git: Ensure Git is installed on your system to manage the code version and push it to GitHub.
Installation
Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/sam4719y/IDKandJDKProject.git
cd IDKandJDKProject
Open in IDE:

Open your IDE and import the project.
Make sure the JDK is configured in the project settings.
Run the Application:

In your IDE, locate Main.java and run the file.
You should see the following output:
plaintext
Copy code
Hello from IDK and JDK project!
Usage
This project is intended to showcase a basic setup for Java development using JDK and an IDE. The code can be expanded upon for learning Java programming or as a foundational setup for more complex applications.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for detai
